Remove-EntraScopedRoleMembership (#813)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Remove-EntraScopedRoleMembership.md

```powershell
Remove-EntraScopedRoleMembership 
 -ObjectId <String> 
 -ScopedRoleMembershipId <String>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Remove-EntraScopedRoleMembership` cmdlet removes a scoped role membership from Microsoft Entra ID. Specify `ObjectId` and `ScopedRoleMembershipId` parameter to remove a scoped role membership.

## Examples

### Example 1: Removes a scoped role membership

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'RoleManagement.Read.Directory'
$params = @{
    ObjectId = 'aaaaaaaa-bbbb-aaaa-bbbb-cccccccccccc'
    ScopedRoleMembershipId = 'dddddddddddd-bbbb-aaaa-bbbb-cccccccccccc'
}
Remove-EntraScopedRoleMembership @params
```

This cmdlet removes a specific scoped role membership from Microsoft Entra ID.

- `ObjectId` - specifies the object (ID) which you want to remove. In this example, `aaaaaaaa-2222-bbbb-aaaa-cccccccccccc` represents the ID of the Administrative Unit.

> - `-ScopedRoleMembershipId` - specifies the unique identifier (ID) of the scoped role membership, which you want to remove. In this example, `aaaaaaaa-bbbb-1111-aaaa-ddddddddddd` represent the ID of the ScopedRoleMembership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ScopedRoleMembershipId` - This parameter specifies the unique identifier (ID) of the scoped role membership that you want to remove. In this example, aaaaaaaa-bbbb-1111-aaaa-ddddddddddd represents the ID of the ScopedRoleMembership. To obtain the details of a scoped role membership, you can use the `Get-EntraScopedRoleMembership` command
```
